# Contributors Meeting - 09/27 (42 mins)

## Attendees

Name               |
-------------------|  
Saihajpreet Singh  | 
Aidan MacMillan    |
Jimmy Vaughan      |
Han Weng           |
Tom Zhu            |
Aaditya Chopra     |

----
**Note**: 3-4 people were on call but I don't know there names. If you were there please feel free to send in a PR (by 10/04/2020)

## Agenda

### Review
* The `frontend` was [voted](https://discordapp.com/channels/718143890204393552/750049106147278858/757369263857336420) on and [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org) won. 
* The `club-site-api` repo was changed to `club-site`. 
* We are implementing a custom SSR solution for frontend. 
* @AidanMacMillan is working on adding caching and consistent routing to frontend.
* The project is now structured in a mono repo kind style. 
```
.
├── backend
│   ├── mongodb
│   ├── package-lock.json
│   ├── package.json
│   └── src
├── docs
│   ├── api-docs
│   ├── getting-started
│   └── meetings
├── frontend
│   ├── server
│   ├── package-lock.json
│   ├── package.json
│   └── src
├── package-lock.json
└── package.json
```

### Theme Competition - deadline by ASAP
Organize a theme competition. One of the main criteria is to have accessible color schema. Ideally by Wednesday (09/30/2020) so that we can get a page up for hacakathon(October 3 and 4).

### How to split responsibilities? (Big picture)
* Saihaj - Backend Maintainer
* Aidan - Frontend Maintainer
* Jimmy - Docs Maintainer and head of operations/integration/makes-sense-ability

### ESlint:
We currently using [airbnb eslint](https://airbnb.io/javascript/) with some rules that (@saihaj) likes. Update the config to have following: 
* Use semicolons
* Arrow Functions only
* Remove rule for space in parens and arrays
  * Arrays should look like this [1, 2, 3]

### Site Elements ([*From last meeting*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1puhmRBvf4YVacK-vKcCaOpukcZN7uJ7qLiQ6ah7ZiVQ))
Roughly organized in order of importance (time-sensitivity). Like some sort of roadmap.

* Homepage/About
  * Navigation bar
  * Logo
  * Social Media
* Events
  * Hackathon
  * Workshops
* Wiki/Resources
* Members
* Git server
* Projects
* Blog/Tutorials
* Weekly Challenges (See #challenges on discord)
  * Weekly challenging questions from sites like leetcode
  * Include easy, medium, hard ones (points?)
  * Discussion and forums

### Next Steps:
* Write docs for contribution and other housekeeping stuff in readme - @J-Vaughan
* Setup [commitlint](https://commitlint.js.org/#/) - @saihaj
* First few good issues - @saihaj
  * Must have Labels
    * scope
    * difficulty
* Get these minutes up on github
* Setup GH Project Board - All maintainers
* Move project related discussion on github teams so that it is public.
  * Setup sub teams under `club-site` and add contributors to those.
    * `backend`
    * `frontend`
    * `management` -> docs and everything else will go in here
